Revive customizable title line (#3829)
mawww/kakoune: doc/pages/options.asciidoc

    interface implementation. The NCurses UI support the following options:

        *ncurses_set_title*:::

>             if not set to *no* or *false*, the terminal emulator
>             title will be changed. if set to *yes* or *true*, the
>             default title line will be used, otherwise the value
>             of this option will be used as the title line

Reviewer: When I read this, it wasn't obvious to me how to make different windows have different titles (which seemed an important use-case). How about:

```suggestion
            If set to *no* or *false*, the terminal emulator
            title will not be changed.
            
            If set to *yes* or *true*, each window's title will
            mirror the contents of the window's modeline
            (as set by the `modelinefmt` option).
            
            Otherwise, each window will use the value of this
            option at window scope as the title text, without
            further expansion.
```

Reviewer 2: That's clearer!
